 1 CODING NOTES   July 25, 2013; Updated August 30, 2014  This document has four parts. Appendices (A-C) are not necessary but are available upon request.   PART I: Definition of key terms PART II: Four primary and mutually exclusive categories PART III: Sub-categories and further examples for the four main categories PART IV: All other categories   2 PART I: Definition of key terms  Our focus is on what is happening financially to individuals or economic/social class groups of individuals, as we are interested in what affects the distribution of economic resources among individuals and their families. The following definitions identify individuals, groups, and relations among groups in terms of their economic resources and relative economic resources.   Economic/social class groups (also referred to below as economic groups or social class groups) include explicit or implicit references to economic groups differentiated by financial status. Financial status is defined by: pay (e.g., wages, salary, and bonuses), non-cash compensation and perks (e.g., health, pension, and/or training benefits), investment income (e.g., stocks), wealth and assets (e.g., home ownership), income and non-cash transfers and taxes from the government (e.g., tax cuts or increases, unemployment compensation, welfare, food stamps, Social Security, Medicaid/Medicare/other government health benefits [e.g., ACA/Obamacare], Earned Income Tax Credit [EITC], etc.), and/or income and non-cash transfers from private sources (e.g., child support). “Standard of living” typically refers to financial status as well.   Broad economic/social class groups are defined roughly as quintiles, quarters or thirds of the distribution: top, middle, bottom; or top, upper, middle, lower, bottom; or the equivalents in terms of occupations, such as executives, bankers (or “Wall Street”), managers, supervisors, workers, laborers, clerks, etc.; or the equivalents in terms of beneficiaries, such as the unemployed, minimum wage workers, recipients of anti-poverty assistance (e.g., welfare, food stamps, job training, housing assistance, EITC), etc. Typically, recipients of these means-tested social programs would be considered as one broad group (i.e., the “bottom” or “poor” or “low-income,” etc.). The equivalents in terms of wealth may also qualify as broad groups, such as when “investors” refer primarily to affluent/wealthy individuals. More recently, since the Occupy Wall Street movement in the fall of 2011, broad groups have also been referred to as the 1% (i.e., the top) and the 99% (everyone else).   Hierarchically related economic/social class groups refer to two or more of the above “broad” groups that are in a hierarchical/vertical relation to each other (e.g., top and bottom, rich and poor, upper and middle, executives and workers, employers and employees, managers and unions, high wage workers and low wage workers, etc.). In some very limited circumstance, however, relevant distinctions are made within these broad groups (e.g., between the super rich and the regular rich, or the top 1% and the top 5-10%). In this case, the groups are clearly distinguished by substantial differences in resources (i.e., they are vertically rather than horizontally compared). A horizontal comparison is between two groups who generally work in the same kind of job/occupation even if one might make a little more than the other (e.g., a union and non-union version of the same job). At the same time, broad categories that include a lot of vertical differentiation – such as the 99% or “most Americans” or the “public” or “taxpayers”– may count as a single group when contrasted in a hierarchical way to another group, such as the top 1% or bankers or CEO’s, etc.  In short, the goal is to identify vertical groups being pitted against each other, and usually in a zero-sum manner, rather than horizontal inequalities.     3 PART II: Four primary and mutually exclusive categories.  Articles will be coded into one of the following four mutually exclusive categories: irrelevant, relinequality (stands for “relevant on inequality”), relchanges (stands for “relevant on pay/income/wealth/etc.”), and releconomy (stands for “relevant on the economy”)  The hierarchy or priority of categorization among relevant articles is: relinequality, relchanges, releconomy.   That is: if the criteria for relinequality are met, even if the criteria for the other categories are met as well, then code as relinequality. If the criteria for relchanges and releconomy are met, then code as relchanges. And so on.   Any single mention of text that meets the criteria for a category qualifies an article as within that category. That is: a single mention of relinequality language will qualify the article as relinequality even if the article is mainly about another topic. The same is true for relchanges and releconomy. A “onemention” category is in the coding document to cover these instances (so mark this category with a “1” if there is only one mention and the rest of the article is about some other topic). [Note that a code of “1” for the onemention category will be coded alongside a code of “1” for relinequality, relchanges, or releconomy.] 4 II.1. IRRELEVANT  The irrelevant category includes all stories that are not on the U.S.; are on racial or gender inequality or gay rights in the U.S.; individuals whose names are part of a subject term (e.g., Marc Rich); references to popular culture that include part of a subject term (e.g., a movie named “Big Business”); clearly personal affairs about a single individual that do not comment on broader conditions; noneconomic elites (e.g., in art or religion or politics, in which high economic status is neither implicit nor explicit); and social class as a predictor of non-economic phenomenon (e.g., health, education, drug use, social mobility, conspicuous and other kinds of consumption). Occasionally there are stories on famous individuals or criminal cases or cases of corporate or union corruption that are treated as unique situations and do not have any reflection on broader conditions. In these cases, the article can be coded as irrelevant.   Some articles on the above subjects, however, will also mention trends in economic inequality in the article and therefore can be relevant. Similarly, if an article is on any of the above topics and income inequality, then it will be relevant as well. For example, some articles may consist mainly of discussions of policy or political debates and particular politicians. Nevertheless, if qualifying text on relinquality, relchanges, or releconomy are in the article, then it will not be irrelevant.   We have a special category called onemention that can be checked if the article has only one mention of something that fell into one of the three other main categories. In other words, a single mention of something that is relevant even if the article is entirely on a unique individual or isolated event or one of the other irrelevant topics mentioned above. In this case, the relevant category should be coded “1” (i.e., relinequality, relchanges, or releconomy) along with the onemention category.       5 II.2. RELINEQUALITY (relevant – on inequality)  Economic/social class groups (as defined in Part I) must be mentioned.   Changes in economic groups do not have to be mentioned but often are (e.g., rising or falling pay and/or inequality does not have to be mentioned but can be).   References to jobs alone do not qualify unless there is a reference to a financial dimension, such as good or bad jobs defined as high or low pay jobs.  Otherwise, mentions of jobs and employment without a financial dimension would be categorized as releconomy.  Given these definitions, any one of the following qualifies a story as relinequality:  A. All stories with explicit mentions of inequality, gaps, differentials, dual society, divides between hierarchically related economic groups, and all other direct and unambiguous mentions of economic inequality, though perhaps using words other than “inequality.” This is the originequality category, so code this as “1” when the issue of economic inequality is addressed head on (otherwise, originequality=0).   B. Any mention of one economic group doing better/worse than another group where the groups are in hierarchical relation to one another (i.e., see Part I for definitions). Also includes mentions of two or more economic groups that are not directly compared to one another (i.e., the article simply mentions both groups or types of individuals and their economic circumstances in different parts of the article without necessarily linking them together), such as the rich doing very well and the middle class or average American having a hard time (e.g., standard of living stagnating or declining or not keeping up with costs of living for education, health care) at different points in the article.  C. Any mention of government taxes and/or spending on social programs that are aimed at or targeted to specific economic groups (even if there is mention of only one such group) because these are intrinsically redistributive policies that alter the income distribution by definition. Direct comparison between different groups is not necessary.   Examples include taxes being cut for high-income groups or social programs (e.g., welfare/assistance to the poor, food stamps, Medicaid, housing assistance, EITC) being cut for low-income groups or the poor. The same goes for universal programs such as Social Security, Medicare, unemployment insurance, and Obamacare (universal because everyone is entitled to them and not just the poor, even though the poor disproportionately benefit from them). Specific economic groups must be mentioned. Note that mentions of benefits varying by income level also counts as a targeting of specific economic groups (e.g., health care subsidies only for the poor or extra taxes on “Cadillac” health plans for high-income workers or reforming Social Security so that benefits to those with high incomes are reduced, etc.).  D. Mentions of employers, business profits and/or business taxes along with mentions of other, lower economic/social class groups (e.g., workers) also invoke intrinsically distributive processes (i.e., the distribution of profits to workers in the form of wages or benefits or other compensation, including wage bargaining and negotiating where workers and managers/companies are each clearly mentioned). An example would be if profits are up but worker benefits are being cut. [Layoffs of workers do not count here, because it is not about pay and compensation. Layoffs refer to jobs/employment and therefore would count as releconomy if there are no other mentions of text on relinequality or relchanges.]   6 Another example falling in this category that has arisen since the financial crisis of 2008 are the bank bailouts and the role of the banks in precipitating the financial crisis and Great Recession. In these cases, the bailouts of bankers/Wall Street can be viewed as analogous to cutting taxes on businesses or providing other kinds of tax credits to businesses (sometimes referred to as “corporate welfare”). Still, language of other, lower groups must also be mentioned (consistent with what is said in the first paragraph of this section D) such as the 99%, Main Street, or “taxpayers,” or “middle America,” etc., which refer to regular Americans. However, if the discussion is only about the precipitation of the financial crisis or the Great Recession, and thus only about employment and the economy in general terms and not about pay, and there is no mention of other non-elite groups, then the article would not qualify as relinequality but as releconomy.    7 Explicit (separate coding category within relinequality):  This category is to be used with relinequality articles. It is meant to identify the articles in which two or more economic groups are mentioned but not compared explicitly. In this case, the article would be coded as implicit by being given a code of explicit=0. Some of the examples given above can sometimes qualify as implicit because they invoke distributive processes (e.g., taxes, social programs, wage bargaining) but do not mention the implication for inequality more directly. These would therefore be given a code of explicit=0. In other cases, they qualify as explicit. If unsure then explicit=0.  Explicit=1  There are three criteria: (1) two or more hierarchically related economic/social class groups are mentioned or implied by relational language, (2) explicit relational language or direct comparisons among economic/social class are made, and (3) the relational language refers to differences in income/wages/earnings/benefits/wealth/etc.  Example language that qualifies as explicit=1:  • Implication for inequality of a policy stated directly (see subsequent points for examples), not just a mention of a progressive/regressive tax or a progressive/regressive type of tax (i.e., the words “progressive” or “regressive” are not used).  • Single group mentions under  “C” or “B” (on the previous page) can sometimes qualify as explicit if they are said to be benefitting/losing the most/least (i.e., using relational language), such as the decline/fall of the middle class (nearly always meant in relation to the upper class), deepest cuts to programs aimed at low-income groups, largest tax cuts to the affluent, biggest beneficiaries of tax reform or social programs, etc. (Mentions of cuts to programs or tax changes count as implicit if they don’t include explicit relational language of this sort, i.e., explicitly say that one group wins/loses under the policy). • Taxes also count as explicit if the marginal rates or rate changes for different groups are given and are shown to clearly differ so that one group has a bigger cut/increase than others. The same is true for listings of occupational pay at different parts of the earnings distribution.  • Explicit divides between groups are mentioned (includes direct comparison that implies a zero-sum-like economic divide, e.g., Wall Street vs. Main Street, 1% vs. 99%, or the government when it is representing the public, as in Wall Street vs. the White House).  • Employers/managers/businesses in relation to workers does not automatically count as explicit=1 unless the pay/compensation of specific top-end occupations are mentioned. For example, increased business profits or decreased business taxes do not necessarily increase compensation of managers/executives, so this must be stated directly in order for explicit=1 in articles under “D” above. Same with bank bailouts, which do not necessarily result in increased pay of managers/executives, so text about high executive/managerial/banker pay and bonuses must be mentioned for explicit=1. Remember that lower groups must also be mentioned in order for the article to count as relinequality. • Must mention pay/income/wealth/etc., not just jobs or education (e.g., low skill vs. high skill).	   For further examples, see “ADDITIONAL CATEGORIES: EXPLICIT/IMPLICIT AND ONEMENTION” and “SCHEMATIC SUMMARY OF MAIN CODING CATEGORIES” sections in APPENDIX A.  8 II.3. RELCHANGES (relevant – on pay/income)  Despite the name “relchanges,” changes in the pay of economic groups do not have to be mentioned but often are (e.g., rising or falling pay does not have to be mentioned but can be). All that is required is a mention of pay/income/wealth/etc.; a mention of change in pay/income/wealth/etc. is not required but is often present.  References to jobs alone do not qualify unless there is a reference to a financial dimension, such as good or bad jobs defined as high or low pay jobs.    Any mention of income/wages/earnings/benefits/wealth/etc. regarding the population as a whole or a single broad group (see definitions in Part I). Does not mention gaps/divides or relational language of any kind. No multiple, hierarchically related groups are mentioned in these articles. Relative comparisons of wages/income/benefits/etc between groups in same broad occupation or income level and not in hierarchical relation to each other is relchanges and not relinequality. Treat these as changes in one group rather than multiple group mentions (see definitions in Part I).   Some examples of single groups: workers in same occupation but unionized in one workplace and not in another, or bargained for higher wages/benefits in one place but not in another, or contract and temporary workers versus full-time workers in same occupation or income level, or adults versus youth in minimum wage jobs, etc. These are all horizontal rather than vertical comparisons.   Common examples of articles coded as relchanges include articles about wages for unionized workers or particular industries or workplaces that don’t mention bargaining or employers; or how “investors” are doing in the stock market (usually but not always refers to upper income groups); or how average wages and income are trending; or whether there will be cuts in social spending programs or tax cuts or increases in general with no particular groups or class of recipients singled out.   Vague mentions of tax cuts/increases or government spending increases/decreases without pinpointing/targeting groups should not be considered part of a multiple group article. If the article is mainly about stimulating the economy by cutting taxes (thereby increasing after-tax incomes) or cutting the deficit by increasing taxes (thereby reducing after-tax incomes) but no clear hierarchy of groups exists, then it should be relchanges and not relinequality.  Note that consumption related spending is not considered a mention of income/earnings/wages/benefits/wealth/etc. If a person is described as a high-income person but as a description of them with respect to something else, such as their spending habits, then this is not relchanges. This category is for discussions of income/wages/earnings/benefits/wealth/etc. directly.  For further examples, see the “What counts as mention of income/wages?” section in APPENDIX A.    9 II.4. RELECONOMY (relevant – on employment/job and other general economic conditions)  Article mentions national employment/job/economic conditions with no mention of inequality or income/wages/earnings/benefits/wealth/etc. for particular economic groups or the population as a whole or average/median Americans. Examples include the mention of general state of or trends in inflation, interest rates, prices, cost of living (i.e., consumption), spending (i.e., consumption), stock market, government deficit, employment/unemployment, recession, expansion, recovery, etc.  Examples of distinctions between releconomy and relchanges/relinequality are:  (1) A general discussion of the stock market as an indicator of how the economy is doing is releconomy, whereas a discussion of how the stock market is affecting the incomes of individual investors will be relchanges. Or discussions about inflation and consumer spending are usually about the health of the economy and therefore are releconomy, but discussions about inflation’s effect on wages and incomes is relchanges (e.g., if income earned from investments is eroded by inflation, then this is relchanges). In short, if economic changes are explicitly said to affect individual incomes/earnings/wages/benefits/wealth/etc., then it counts as relchanges.   (2) Business tax increases or cuts are ambiguous, because some of those go to individual employers and owners, but it is unclear exactly how much goes directly to them as take home pay or income gains. Since this has unknown effects on the individual income distribution, do not automatically count it as a progressive or regressive tax unless the context makes clear that it is intended as one or the other. For example, if the purpose is to stimulate investment by decreasing business taxes or providing investment tax credits, then this is about the economy and not about individual incomes, so it would be releconomy. However, if the purpose is to increase the progressivity of the tax code by increasing business taxes and decreasing middle class taxes, then this would be relinequality. If employers are said to benefit individually by business tax cuts, then this would be relinequality because it is a regressive tax reform, and thus is inherently redistributive.       10 PART III: Sub-categories and further examples for the four main categories  Relinequality sub-categories: rising, falling, positive, negative.   Rising – whether the article mentions that inequality has risen or is rising or is discussing a policy that has the potential to increase inequality  Falling – whether the article mentions that inequality has fallen or is falling or is discussing a policy with the potential to decrease inequality  Only code as “1” if the article mentions inequality is rising or falling or if the policy or event or issue mentioned implies a rise or fall in inequality if all else remained the same. For example, if a tax policy is mentioned that raises taxes on the rich but no one else, then this would lead to a decline in income inequality and it would be coded as falling.   Relchanges sub-categories: positive, negative.  Releconomy sub-categories: improving, worsening.   For all of these categories, only code as “1” if there is a clear indication of the given perspective. It is fine if all categories are coded as “0”. As always, be conservative and only mark a code of “1” if you are sure.  At the same time, these sub-categories are not mutually exclusive. An article can mention that inequality is both positive and negative, or might increase or decrease depending on particular policies, or that changes for some groups mentioned in the article are positive and for others they are negative, etc.   The overall gist of the article can be used to code these categories if the words – rising, falling, positive, negative, etc. – are not used directly. The implications for inequality/income/employment of data and perspectives and policies in the article (e.g., positive or negative income changes, rising or falling inequality) can also be used to code these categories.  Order of coding and distinctions between relinequality, relchanges, and releconomy:  If any mention of inequality, or relative differences in income/wealth/wages/compensation/benefits/etc. between two or more hierarchically ordered economic/social class groups, then code as relinequality; otherwise, if any mention of wages/earnings/income/benefits/compensation/wealth for any single broad group or population as a whole, then code as relchanges; otherwise, if discusses anything or any indicator (e.g., holiday spending reports, stock market, inflation, interest rates, housing market, cost of living, etc.) related to state of the economy in general, and especially employment conditions, then code as releconomy. Otherwise, code as irrelevant.   This means that even if an article is mainly about unemployment or a growing or contracting economy but mentions earnings/income with respect to any group (even average American), then it should be coded as relchanges and not releconomy. An example: taxes are cut during a recession to stimulate the economy so the article also mentions how tax policy will increase incomes of average Americans (or any other group), then the article should be coded as relchanges. If the article mentions that the tax cuts are aimed at a particular group – e.g., the top, middle, or bottom, which affects inequality – then it would be coded as relinequality. An explicit mention of the tax cuts/increases benefitting/hurting one group the most/least will then result in explicit=1.      11 PART IV: All other categories (these descriptions/definitions/frames are still in progress)  *Remember: the above categories (1-4) are mutually exclusive. The following categories ARE NOT mutually exclusive, e.g., if an article mentions immigration and technological change as both causing inequality, as well as proposes a new immigration policy as a solution, then all of these would be coded “1”.    5. Future/Prediction (this will be coded as “1” if any of the items in 2, 3, or 4 are “predictions” for the future or the potential result of a policy.)  Additional notes: this distinguishes between 1) the articles that mention past or present phenomenon in conjunction with causes/proposed solutions (coded as “0”) and 2) the articles that mention future/potential phenomenon in conjunction with proposed policies/solutions (coded as “1”).  6. Mentions poor/lower (mentions the poor)   Additional notes: should be “poor/bottom”; include those on public assistance, qualified for means-tested programs, at bottom of income distribution, trouble finding and keeping jobs, disadvantaged populations/workers.   6a. Mentions working class (mentions working class)  Additional notes: should be “working class/lower”; include those in unionized jobs, blue collar jobs, low level service jobs, hourly workers, low-wage workers.   7. Mentions middle class (mentions middle class)  Additional notes: should be “middle class/average/median”; include average worker or families, median worker or family, mid-level white collar typically requiring college degree, supervisory workers.   8. Mentions rich/affluent/upper (mentions rich)  Additional notes: should be “rich/affluent/upper/high-income”; includes professionals and others designated “high income” (top decline, quintile, or even quartile) as well as super rich, top percentiles, the wealthy.  9. CauseUnskilled/Educ. (whether the article mentions the cause of any of items 2, 3, or 4 to be unskilled workers or lack of educated workforce) Examples: untrained/low skilled workers, education system not providing enough skilled workers, skills shortage, spending on education  10. CauseTax (whether the article mentions the cause of any of items 2, 3, or 4 to be tax policy) Examples: change in income tax rate, capital gains tax, investment/corporate taxes, tax credits, estate tax  12  11. CauseImm (whether the article mentions the cause of any of items 2, 3, or 4 to be immigration situation/policy) Examples: immigration bills, immigrants taking jobs, immigrants responsible for keeping wages low, immigrants needed for high tech jobs  12. CauseTech (whether the article mentions the cause of any of items 2, 3, or 4 to be changes in technology) Examples: technological changes requires higher skills/displaces those without skills, the expansion of the use of computers, rise of the Internet  13. CauseTrade/Outsourcing (whether the article mentions the cause of any of items 2, 3, or 4 to be trade or outsourcing policy or practice) Examples: loss of jobs to foreign competition, globalization, NAFTA, other trade agreements  14. CauseMinWage (whether the article mentions the cause of any of items 2, 3, or 4 to be status or changes in the minimum wage) Examples: increases/decreases in minimum wage, number of minimum wage jobs, minimum wage workers, living wages  15. CauseGovtReg (whether the article mentions the cause of any of items 2, 3, or 4 to be government regulatory practices of corporations) Examples: regulations regarding exec pay, unions, benefits, layoffs, job training, research and development; regulations of corp behavior through tax incentives; interest rate, inflation, and unemployment policy from the Federal Reserve  15a. CauseCorp/Bus/Emp (whether the article mentions the cause of any of items 2, 3, or 4, to be corporate, business or employer practices) Examples: layoffs, downsizing, corporate practices, restructuring of businesses, temporary workers, cut backs/changes in employer-provided benefits, over time pay, actions regarding unionization efforts, employer-provided “on the job” training, price changes by private sector (e.g., oil industry)   16. CauseWelfare (whether the article mentions the cause of any of items 2, 3, or 4 to be welfare policy/practices) Examples: Medicaid and welfare policies, other means-tested programs for the poor, such as EITC  17. CauseSocSecurity (whether the article mentions the cause of any of items 2, 3, or 4 to be Social Security policy)  Examples: rising cost of Social Security and Medicare   18. Cause X (other causes – e.g, code as “1 – healthcare” if article mentions healthcare as a cause of any items 2, 3, or 4)  13 Examples: unions (should have been separate category), rising cost of living, issues related to consumption costs (energy, health care, pensions, etc.).  19. PolJobTraining/Educ. (whether the article mentions job training or education policy/practices in conjunction with 2, 3, or 4 in a way that is different from being a cause – e.g., as a policy solution to inequality) Examples: policy that will create job training programs for unskilled workers, facilitate college education, more government spending on education  20. PolTax (whether the article mentions tax policy in conjunction with 2, 3, or 4 in a way that is different from being a cause – e.g., as a policy solution to inequality) Examples: raising/lowering taxes to alter inequality or fix economy (e.g., cut taxes to stimulate growth), payroll tax hikes (e.g., social security, unemployment insurance), earned income tax credits (i.e., EITC), corporate taxes, investment taxes, sales/consumption taxes  21. PolImm (whether the article mentions immigration policy/practices in conjunction with 2, 3, or 4 in a way that is different from being a cause – e.g., as a policy solution to inequality) Examples: let less immigrants in to the US, crack down on or regulate day labor/sweatshops/informal and other kinds of work performed mainly by immigrants, permitting/reducing high skill immigrants to fill skills/job shortage  22. PolTech (whether the article mentions trade or technology policy/availability/practices in conjunction with 2, 3, or 4 in a way that is different from being a cause – e.g., as a policy solution to inequality) Examples: spend more money on becoming more technologically advanced, funding for research and development, education in technical fields  23. PolTrade/Outsourcing (whether the article mentions trade or outsourcing policy/practices in conjunction with 2, 3, or 4 in a way that is different from being a cause – e.g., as a policy solution to inequality) Examples: a free trade policy, protective legislation that limits imports or puts tariffs on imports or provides incentives to limit outsourcing of jobs (e.g., tax incentives), government assistance to workers displaced by free trade  24. PolMinWage (whether the article mentions minimum wage policy in conjunction with 2, 3, or 4 in a way that is different from being a cause – e.g., as a policy solution to inequality)  Example: raise minimum wage, fail to adjust minimum wage to keep up with inflation  25. PolGovtReg (whether the article mentions government regulatory policy/practices in conjunction with 2, 3, or 4 in a way that is different from being a cause – e.g., as a policy solution to inequality) Example: regulation/deregulation of industries (e.g., airlines, energy, telephone, finance), expand government’s regulatory reach, regulations in response to scandals (e.g., exec pay, Enron, 2008 financial crisis); Federal Reserve policies to reduce  14 unemployment, inflation, or interest rates; regulation of employer-provided benefits (e.g., health care, pensions, ERISA)  25a. 15a. PolCorp/Bus/Emp (whether the article mentions corporate, business or employer practices in conjunction with items 2, 3, or 4 in a way that is different from being a cause – e.g., as a policy solution to inequality – and is an initiative of businesses and not a government regulation) Example: corporation lowers/raises salary of CEO, provides/increases/decreases benefits/jobs/wages/employment security, private sector investments in worker training, outsourcing, downsizing  26. PolWelfare (whether the article mentions welfare policy/practices in conjunction with 2, 3, or 4 in a way that is different from being a cause – e.g., as a policy solution to inequality) Example: reforms to Medicaid, welfare, and other means-tested programs, such as EITC  27. PolSocSecurity (whether the article mentions Social Security policy in conjunction with 2, 3, or 4 in a way that is different from being a cause – e.g., as a policy solution to inequality)  Example: reforms to Social Security, Medicare  28. PolX (whether the article mentions other policies/practices in conjunction with 2, 3, or 4 in a way that is different from being a cause – e.g., as a policy solution to inequality. Should be coded as “1 – healthcare” if healthcare is mentioned in this manner. 